(PROJ-83) Add C4B Azure Environment certificate renewal documentation (#468)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/c4b-environments/azure/certificate-update.md

1. Select the certificate named `C4B-Azure-Certificate`

    ![Vault Certificates](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-KeyVault-Certificates.png)

1. Click `+ New Version`

    ![Vault Certificates New Version](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-KeyVault-Cert-New.png)

1. Change the `Method of Certificate Creation` to `Import`
1. Upload your certificate PFX file, and provide the password needed to import it

    ![Vault Import Certificates](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-KeyVault-Cert-Import.png)

1. Click `Create`
1. The new certificate will now be listed as the `CURRENT VERSION` and any previous certificates will be listed under `OLDER VERSIONS`

    ![Vault Certificate Version List](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-KeyVault-Cert-Version-List.png)

### PowerShell

This script prompts you for the name of the Resource Group that contains your C4B Azure Environment and then opens a dialog box to select your new certificate.

```PowerShell
if (-not $ResourceGroupName) {$ResourceGroupName = Read-Host 'Enter the ResourceGroupName'}
$KeyVault = Get-AzKeyVault -ResourceGroupName $ResourceGroupName | ForEach-Object {Get-AzKeyVault -VaultName $_.VaultName}

> $FileBrowser = New-Object System.Windows.Forms.OpenFileDialog -Property @{

Author: I did notice a PR in the other docs getting rid of the read hosts, etc. Should we be taking that same philosophy here (in which case the dialog just becomes a "path to certificate" string that the user edits)?

> $FileBrowser = New-Object System.Windows.Forms.OpenFileDialog -Property @{

Reviewer: We found a fix during our call.

1. Enter the `Password` required to import the certificate
1. Click `Save`

    ![Application Gateway listeners cert update](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-AppGateway-ListenersCert.png)

1. It can some time for the Application Gateway to update, when it has finished you will be able check that the new certificate is being served by visiting on the C4B Azure Environment [services](xref:c4b-azure#accessing-services).

### PowerShell

Please note that until the `Set-AzApplicationGateway` command is run, the Application Gateway will not be updated. The update itself can take up to thirty minutes, but the command should return immediately.

```PowerShell
if (-not $ResourceGroupName) {$ResourceGroupName = Read-Host 'Enter the ResourceGroupName'}
$ApplicationGateway = Get-AzApplicationGateway -ResourceGroupName $ResourceGroupName

if (-not $FileBrowser.FileName) {
    $FileBrowser = New-Object System.Windows.Forms.OpenFileDialog -Property @{
        Title  = 'Select Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment Certificate'
        Filter = 'Certificate (*.pfx)|*.pfx'
    }
    $null = $FileBrowser.ShowDialog()
}

$CertificateDetails = @{
    Name               = "SslCertificate"

>     CertificateFile    = $FileBrowser.FileName 

Reviewer: My original code sourced the certificate data from the KeyVault - switched it as I wasn't sure we could rely on folk to run stuff in order. But I'd happily change it back, as it was nicely elegant.

    $NewCertPermissions = $CertPermissions + @('Get', 'List', 'Update', 'Import') | Select-Object -Unique
    Set-AzKeyVaultAccessPolicy -VaultName $KeyVault.VaultName -UserPrincipalName $CurrentUser -PermissionsToCertificates $NewCertPermissions
}
```

## Updating the Azure Key Vault

The certificate used by most of C4B Azure Environment is stored in the provided Azure Key Vault under the name `C4B-Azure-Certificate`. To update the certificate used by the environment, you create a new version of this certificate.

> :memo: **NOTE**
>
> Please note that the new certificate must meet the same requirements as the original did during the [initial deployment](xref:c4b-azure#ssl-certificate). The certificate:
>
> * Needs to be in the PFX format
> * Needs to include an exportable Private Key
> * Must have a password

You can upload a new version of the certificate using the Azure Portal or PowerShell.

### Azure Portal

1. Within the Key Vault, under `Settings` on the left of the blade, select `Certificates`
1. Select the certificate named `C4B-Azure-Certificate`

    ![Vault Certificates](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-KeyVault-Certificates.png)

> 1. Click `+ New Version`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click `+ New Version`.
```

    ![Vault Certificates New Version](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-KeyVault-Cert-New.png)

> 1. Change the `Method of Certificate Creation` to `Import`
> 1. Upload your certificate PFX file, and provide the password needed to import it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Change the `Method of Certificate Creation` to `Import`.
1. Upload your certificate PFX file, and provide the password needed to import it.
```

    ![Vault Import Certificates](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-KeyVault-Cert-Import.png)

> 1. Click `Create`
> 1. The new certificate will now be listed as the `CURRENT VERSION` and any previous certificates will be listed under `OLDER VERSIONS`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click `Create`.
1. The new certificate will now be listed as the `CURRENT VERSION` and any previous certificates will be listed under `OLDER VERSIONS`.
```

This script prompts you for the name of the Resource Group that contains your C4B Azure Environment and then opens a dialog box to select your new certificate.

```PowerShell
if (-not $ResourceGroupName) {$ResourceGroupName = Read-Host 'Enter the ResourceGroupName'}
$KeyVault = Get-AzKeyVault -ResourceGroupName $ResourceGroupName | ForEach-Object {Get-AzKeyVault -VaultName $_.VaultName}

$null = [System.Reflection.Assembly]::LoadWithPartialName("System.Windows.Forms")
$FileBrowser = New-Object System.Windows.Forms.OpenFileDialog -Property @{
    Title  = 'Select Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment Certificate'
    Filter = 'Certificate (*.pfx)|*.pfx'
}
$null = $FileBrowser.ShowDialog()

$CertImport = @{
    VaultName = $KeyVault.VaultName
    Name      = 'C4B-Azure-Certificate'
    FilePath  = $FileBrowser.FileName
}
$null = Import-AzKeyVaultCertificate @CertImport -Password (Read-Host "Enter the certificate import password" -AsSecureString)
```

## Updating the Application Gateway

The Application Gateway provided with your C4B Azure Environment needs to be updated manually, as it is not able to reference the Azure Key Vault.

### Azure Portal

> :memo: **NOTE**
>

> > In addition to the certificate in a PFX format that was used in the [previous section](xref:c4b-azure-cert-update#updating-the-azure-key-vault), you will need a copy of the certificate in a copy of it in the CER format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> In addition to the certificate in a PFX format that was used in the [previous section](xref:c4b-azure-cert-update#updating-the-azure-key-vault), you will need a copy of the certificate in CER format.
```

>

> > You can convert your existing certificate using OpenSSL (installable with Chocolatey using `choco install openssl.light`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> You can convert your existing certificate using OpenSSL (easily installed by running `choco install openssl.light`):
```

>
> `openssl pkcs12 -in certificate.pfx -out certificate.cer -nokeys -clcerts`
>
> You will need to edit the resulting file to remove all of the text above the `-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----` line.

> 1. Navigate to the Resource Group the contains your C4B Azure Environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the `Resource Group` the contains your C4B Azure Environment
```

Reviewer 2: This change would appear to make it consistent with other steps that put things in code blocks.

> 1. Navigate to the `Resource Group` the contains your C4B Azure Environment
> 1. Select the Application gateway

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the `Resource Group` the contains your C4B Azure Environment.
1. Select the `Application gateway`.
```

    ![Application Gateway resource](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-AppGateway-Resource.png)

> 1. Under `Settings` on the left of the blade, select `Backend settings`
> 1. Select `CCMService`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Under `Settings` on the left of the blade, select `Backend settings`.
1. Select `CCMService`.
```

    ![Application Gateway backend settings](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-AppGateway-BackendSettings.png)

> 1. On the `Add Backend settings` blade, click `+ Add certificate`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. On the `Add Backend settings` blade, click `+ Add certificate`.
```

    ![Backend setting add certificate](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-AppGateway-BackendCertAdd.png)

> 1. Ensure `Create new` is selected and browse to the `.cer` version of your certificate
> 1. Provide a descriptive `Cert name` that is different to the existing certificate. The initial certificate is called `CCMCert`
> 1. Click `+ Add certificate`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Ensure `Create new` is selected and browse to the `.cer` version of your certificate.
1. Provide a descriptive `Cert name` that is different to the existing certificate. The initial certificate is called `CCMCert`.
1. Click `+ Add certificate`.
```

    ![Add backend certificate](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-AppGateway-BackendCertDetails.png)

> 1. Click the `...` (three dots) to the right of the previous certificate and choose `Delete`
> 1. Click `Save`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the `...` (three dots) to the right of the previous certificate and choose `Delete`.
1. Click `Save`.
```

    ![Save new backend certificate](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-AppGateway-BackendCertSave.png)

> 1. Under `Settings` on the left of the blade, select `Listeners`
> 1. Select `CCM`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Under `Settings` on the left of the blade, select `Listeners`.
1. Select `CCM`.
```

    ![Application Gateway listeners settings](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-AppGateway-ListenersSettings.png)

> 1. Ensure `SslCertificate` is the selected certificate
> 1. Check `Renew or edit selected certificate`
> 1. Browse to select the `.pfx` version of your certificate
> 1. Enter the `Password` required to import the certificate
> 1. Click `Save`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Ensure `SslCertificate` is the selected certificate.
1. Check `Renew or edit selected certificate`.
1. Browse to select the `.pfx` version of your certificate.
1. Enter the `Password` required to import the certificate.
1. Click `Save`.
```

    ![Application Gateway listeners cert update](/assets/images/c4b-azure/Cert-AppGateway-ListenersCert.png)

> 1. It can some time for the Application Gateway to update, when it has finished you will be able check that the new certificate is being served by visiting on the C4B Azure Environment [services](xref:c4b-azure#accessing-services).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. It can take some time for the Application Gateway to update. When it has finished you will be able check that the new certificate is being served by visiting on the C4B Azure Environment [services](xref:c4b-azure#accessing-services).
```

### PowerShell

> Please note that until the `Set-AzApplicationGateway` command is run, the Application Gateway will not be updated. The update itself can take up to thirty minutes, but the command should return immediately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that until the `Set-AzApplicationGateway` command is run, the Application Gateway will not be updated. **The update can take up to 30 minutes**, but the command should return immediately.
```
